a landslide
urban
1965
1819
1959
lion (but likely a tiger)
yes
yes
yes
Yes
No
No. Singapore is the 14th largest exporter and the 15th largest importer in the world
1819
durian
Pulau Ujong
the system introduced electronic toll collection, electronic detection, and video surveillance technology
As a result of the 1962 Merger Referendum, on 31 August 1963 Singapore joined with the Federation of Malaya
This has three components: Medifund, which provides a safety net for those not able to otherwise afford healthcare, Medisave, a compulsory health savings scheme covering about 85% of the population, and Medishield, a government-funded health insurance program
Yes.
No.
Yes.
English is the language of instruction for public schools in Singapore.
There are four official languages in Singapore.
 Singapore's economy is historically based on extended entrept trade.
Approximately two million people who live in Singapore are foreign-born.
Singapore was ranked 136 out of 178 on the Press Freedom Index.
The main island in Singapore is called Pulau Ujong in Malay.
Yes: It lies off the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula and is 137 kilometres (85 mi) north of the equator.
Yes: Singapore is one of the world's major commercial hubs, with the fourth-biggest financial centre and one of the five busiest ports.
No: Singapore consists of 63 islands
63: Singapore consists of 63 islands
Thomas Stamford Raffles: In 1819, Thomas Stamford Raffles arrived and signed a treaty with Sultan Hussein Shah of Johor, on behalf of the British East India Company, to develop the southern part of Singapore as a British trading post.
In 1970: Trial by jury was abolished in 1970 so that judicial decisions would rest entirely in the hands of appointed judges.
Singapore believes that a minimum wage would lower its competitiveness.
Women: Though not required to perform military service, the number of women in the SAF has been increasing: since 1989 they have been allowed to fill military vocations formerly reserved for men.
The Singaporean military: The Singaporean military is arguably the most technologically advanced in Southeast Asia. It is seen as the guarantor of the country's independence.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
137 kilometers.
In the second century AD.
Trade, especially manufacturing.
Land reclamation.
Tiger.
Singapore.
