Does English most popular in the any of the Caribbean nations?
Did the Norman's conquest of England influence the Middle English ?
Does International Olympic Committee treat English as one of their official languages ?
where does English arise ?
What gave rise to heavy borrowings from Norman French ?
What is Simplified English originally developed for ?
Is the word English the spelling of englisc ?
Are many French words intelligible to an English speaker ?
Does the The phonology of English differ between dialects ?
Does the English language contain a large vocabulary? 
Does modern English contain adjectival agreement?
Is the United Kingdom the country with the highest population of native English speakers?
English originated in dialects of which language that were carried to Britain by Germanic settlers?
Which language includes the works of William Shakespeare and the King James Bible?
Approximately how many people speak English as their first language?
The third-most-common native language in the world was first spoken in which country?
What are some languages that follow a syntax pattern similar to that of English?
The language of Chaucer's The Canterbury Tales arose from linguistics shifts following which event?
Is English an East Germanic Language?
Does the phonology of English differ between dialects?
Has the vocabulary changed over the centuries?
What features do English use as resources for conveying meaning?
Where was English first spoken?
How many people speak English to at least a basic level?
Which language is the largest one by the number of native speakers?
Is it true that written English varies more than spoken English?
What was English written in before it adopted the Latin script?
Is English a West Germanic language?
Is English the world's mostly widely used language?
Are mang French words intelligible to an English speaker?
Where does the word English derive from?
How many people speak English as their frist language?
What is the official language of the European Union?
What is the first-most-common native language in the world?
Does the Oxford English Dictionary list less than 200,000 distinct words?
What was the dominant language of sicence-related Nobel Prize laureates before the scond half of the 20th century?
Is English the leading language of international discourse?
Does the English Language belong to the Anglo-Frisian sub-group?
Does the Oxford English Dictionary list more than 500,000 distinct words?
English is an official language of how many sovereign states?
The language was also influenced early on by what language?
The vowels are represented with symbols from what?
Where is English the official language?
What effect did the Treaty of Versailles negotiations have on English?
How many more non-native English speakers than native speakers are there?
Is English a West Germanic language?
Is English spoken in Ireland?
Is English the primary language in Anguilla?
How many people speak English as a first language?
Who brought the fusion of closely related dialects to the eastern coast of Great Britain?
What language did English replace as the dominant language of science-related Nobel Prize laureates?
What country has the third highest population of native English speakers?
From where has English assimilated words?
Does Modern German have grammatical gender and adjectival agreement?
