What is the conventional name for the array of String objects that Java's main method accepts?
In what project does Google use Java?
Is James Gosling still working at Sun Microsystems?
As of 2015, how many developers use Java?
Who initiated the Java language project in 1991?
When did Sun Microsystems release Java as free and open-source software?
Is portability a design goal of Java?
Is Java object-oriented?
Is the standard Java library the Java Class Library?
Is Java a functional computer programming language?
Is Java one of the most popular programming languages in use?
Are Java applications typically compiled to bytecode?
When did Sun Microsystems approach the ISO/IEC JTC 1 standards body?
When did James Gosling resign from Oracle?
When did Hotspot become the default for Sun's JVM?
When was the Java project first created?
Where did Java derive most of its syntax from?
What was Java originally called?
Is Swing a graphical user interface library for the Java SE platform?
Is porting a major benefit of using bytecode?
Is Google the current owner of the official implementation of the Java SE platform?
How many primary goals were there in the creation of the Java language?
Who initiated the Java language project in June 1991?
When can garbage collection happen?
Is HotSpot an implementation of the JVM?
What does FOSS stand for?
Do programs written in Java require less memory than those written in C++?
Is Java suitable for the digital cable television in 1991?
Did James Gosling resign ?
Is Java slower than C ++ ?
When was the first public implementation as Java 1.0 released?
Who said that Suns ideal role with regard to Java was an 'evangelist'?
When will garbage collection happen?
Is syntax of Java the same as that in C++?
Why is Java platform dependent?
Is primitive data type integer an object?
Did James Gosling initiate Java in 1991?
Is Java the most popular programming language?
Was Java initially called Oak?
When was the first public implementation of Java released?
How does Java mange memory in the object lifecycle?
From which language did Java derive its syntax?
What intermediate step allows Java to run any operating system?
What kind of memory gets freed by the garbage collector?
What is java's suffix for its source code file?
Is Java a functional programming language?
Does Java derive a lot of its syntax from C++?
Does Java use a garbage collector?
What was Java originally designed for?
What was Java initially called?
When was the Java language project initiated?
Does C++ use more memory than Java?
Does Java's garbage collecting allow for explicit memory management?
How do Java users gain access to graphics?
Does Java use an automatic garbage collector?
Is Java an object-oriented language?
Is the syntax of Java derived from Lisp?
When was the Java language project initiated?
Who is the current owner of the Java SE platform?
What is the comprehensive Java documentation system?
Are Java programs more efficient than C++ programs?
What was the original name for the Java language? 
Was the first implementation of Java released before the year 2000?
Is java a functional programming language?
Does Java support C/C++ style pointer arithmetic?
Can static methods be invoked without a reference to an object?
Does C++ support operator overloading?
How many Java Runtime Environment downloads are there each year?
Is Java SE6 released on December 11, 2006?
Do Java core libraroes include security?
When will a 'null pointer exception' been thrown ?
Is Java Runtime Environment intended for software developers and end users?
Is portability a design goal of Java?
Is Microsoft the current owner of the official implementation of the Java SE platform?
Are generics server-side Java EE components?
What is a major benefit of using bytecode?
What option allows ARM based processors to have hardware support for executing Java bytecode?
Who defines and supports four editions of Java?
What major release was in 2011?
What will occur ideally when a program is idle?
Who defines and supports Java Card for smartcards?
