Will the space probe Pioneer 10's battery be active when it reaches Taurus?
What was another Mesopotamian name for Taurus?
Did the Egyptians depict Taurus' horns as forwards or backwards?
What is the brightest star in Taurus?
What letter in the early Hebrew alphabet represents Taurus?
What is the recommended abbreviation for Taurus?
Is Taurus Latin for 'bull'?
Is Taurus a completely circumpolar constellation?
Is Taurus part of the zodiac?
Is Taruus one of the constellations of the zodiac?
Did Taurus came to symbolize the bull?
Is Taurus a big and prominent constellation?
When was the recommended three-letter abbreviation for the constellation adopted?
How often does Zeta Tauri complete an orbit?
Taurus became an important object of worship among whom?
Does Taurus date back to at least 3000 B.C?
Is the recommended short abbreviation for Taurus, Tau?
By early spring, will Taurus appear to the west during the evening twilight?
Is Taurus one of the constellations of the zodiac?
Did Taurus come to symbolize the bull in the mythologies of Greece and Rome?
Is the recommended three-letter abbreviation for the constellation 'Ta'?
What is the brightest member of this constellation?
What is the supernova remnant Messier 1 more commonly known as?
Among whom did Taurus become an important object of worship?
Which two star systems form the two horns of the bull?
What did John Bevis discover in 1731?
Why might the name 'seven sisters' have a common ancient origin?
Is Taurus in the southern hemisphere?
Is the three-letter abbreviation 'Ta'?
Is Pioneer 9 moving in the direction of this constellation?
Which English astronomer discovered Taurus in 1790?
When is the most favorable time to observe Taurus?
What does Taurus symbolize in Greece mythology?
What is Taurus's latin etymology?
How many lines are in the official constellation?
Did the Druids revere Taurus?
Is Taurus one of the constellations of the zodiac?
Does the Gould's Belt pass through the Taurus constellation?
Is Taurus a Latin word?
is Taurus the only constellation crossed by all three of the galactic equator, celestial equator, and ecliptic?
Was Taurus identified with Zeus?
What is the right ascension coordinates of those borders?
What clusters to Earth dose Taurus host?
Where is T Tauri?
Why does goddess Ishtar send Taurus?
What's the name of the ring-like galactic structure passes through the Taurus constellation? 
By what evidence did north American people observe the supernova?
