Does Athens dominate the Attica region?
Is Athens the least populous city in Greece?
Was the Cave of Schist a human presence in Athens?
Where is Athens the capital of?
Where does Athens sprawl across?
How many densely populated municipalities are in the Athens Metropolitan Area?
Does western Greece have more precipitation than Athens?
In the 1980s, was pollution Athens's most important challenge?
In Athens, is air pollution worse in summer or winter?
What city is the largest in Greece?
Is Athens built around mountains?
Does Athens have a uniformity of architectural style?
When did Athens become the capital of the independent Greek state?
Did Athens hold the 2000 Summer Olympic Games?
How many UNESCO World Heritage Sites does Athens have?
What was the capital of Greece before Athens?
Was a number of neoclassical buildings demolished in the 1950s and 1960s in Athens?
How many days is Attica Zoological Park closed in a year?
Does the city still retain Roman and Byzantine monuments?
Is the Attica region itself split into eight regional units?
Was Athens' name a plural in Ancient Greek?
What is the oldest known human presence in Athens?
What climate does Athens have?
How many populated municipalities does the Athens Metropolitan Area consist of?
Does Athens' location enhance its importance in finance?
What would pave the way for the eventual introduction of democracy by Cleisthenes in 508 BC?
What make up the dense Athens Urban Area together with the regional unit of Piraeus?
Is Athens the largest city of Greece?
Is the annual precipitation of Athens typically lower than in other parts of Greece?
Is Athens the capital of Italy?
Which city is recognised as a global city because of its geo-strategic location?
Who created a salt water spring by striking the ground with a trident?
When did Athens become the capital of Greece?
What is the area of the National Garden of Athens?
Which is Greece's second largest city?
Which city was the provisional capital of Greece from 1829 to 1834?
Was Athens chosen as the capital of the newly independent Greek state in 1834?
Was Athens ranked the world's 39th richest city by purchasing power and the 77th most expensive in a UBS study?
Is the municipality of Athens, the city centre of the Athens Urban Area, divided into several districts?
When did widespread social unrest lead to the reforms of Solon?
What is the highest temperature ever recorded that Athens holds in Europe?
Who is home to two UNESCO World Heritage Sites, the Acropolis of Athens and the medieval Daphni Monastery?
What is Athens means in Greek?
What is the population decrease of municipality of Athens from 2011 to 2004?
What are the two UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Athens? 
