Why are carbon fibre cellos suitable for outdoor playing?
Can the cello tailpiece be made of steel?
How many cello players are part of the standard symphony orchestra?
 In which century did the cello repertoire grow?
 Where is the cello section located on stage in standard orchestral seating?
What is a direct ancestor to the cello?
Are standard-sized cellos referred to as 'full-size'?
Is the cello a member of the traditional string quartet?
Is the cello abbreviated from celloviolon?
Does the cello have five strings?
Do cellos have an endpin?
In traditional fiddle music, is the cello used?
In which ensembles is the cello used?
What is the cello player called?
What was the direct ancestor to the violoncello?
Which is the cello more common in: classical or popular?
Are principal players farther from the audience than other players?
Are there symphonic works which do not involve the cello section?
Is there any bowed string instrument that is larger than cello?
Is cello commonly used in 1970s pop music?
Is cello more common in popular music than in classical music?
How many strings does Cello have?
Who wrote the earliest cello manual?
What is the cello group, Apocalyptica, best known for?
Did Oasis use Cello in their music?
Does violin has a endpin?
Is curved bow developed for monophonic playing?
Is the cello a member of the violin family?
Is cello be used as a solo musical instrument?
Are cellos tuned in fifths?
What is a person who plays the cello called?
What was the direct ancestor to the violoncello?
What is the earliest cello manual?
Is the cello larger than a double bass?
Did Vivaldi or Boccherini write more cello concertos?
Is the cello more common in pop music or classical music?
Is the cello a bowed string instrument?
Is the cello used as a solo musical instrument?
Is the cello typically made from rubber?
What is the person who plays a cello called?
Which instrument is increasingly common in traditional fiddle music?
What is the decorative border inlay on the top and back of the cello known as?
What does the name cello mean?
Who modified the cello for Indian classical music?
How do mutes change the sound of the cello?
Does cellos tuned in the same intervals as the viola?
Were wire-wound strings invented in Bologna?
Are Baroque era cellos the same as the modern cellos?
How many strings does cello have?
What is a cellist?
What instrument was cello created to be used in consort with?
Is cello larger than double bass?
Does double bass has an endpin that rests on the floor?
In standard orchestral seating, does the first violin section located on stage left?
