How are Daytime Arietids observed if they are not visible to the naked eye?
What did Johann Bayer name the three prominent stars which form an asterism in Aries?
How many bright stars does Aries posses?
What is the range of magnitude for stars in Aries that are visible to the naked eye?
Which god is Aries associated with in ancient Egyptian astronomy?
Why was Aries called the 'Indicator of the Reborn Sun'?
Is Aries home to meteor showers?
Is Aries an official constellation?
Is Aries located in the northern celestial hemisphere?
Is Aries one of the constellations of the zodiac?
Where is Aries located?
What does Aries' symbol represent?
How many modern constellations are there in total?
What is the total area of Aries constellation?
Which organization recognized Aries as an official constellation?
What is the name of the brightest star in the Aries constellation?
Is HIP 14810 a G6 type star?
How far is the star of Aries constellation from Earth?
Does Aries mean goat in Latin?
Is Aries between Pisces and Taurus?
Are Alpha, Beta, and Gamma stars in Aries?
Who described the constellation Aries?
Historically, how has Aries been depicted?
Which obsolete constellations were introduced in Aries?
Is Hamal brighter than Alpha?
How many times per year does the Daytime Arietid occur?
Did Aries represent a farmhand in late Babylonian times?
Is Aries one of the constellations of the zodiac?
Is Aries recognized as one of the official constellations?
Is Aries a relatively dim constellation?
Where is Aries located?
What has Aries represented since late Babylonian times?
In ancient Egyptian mythology, what is god is Aries associated with?
What has &#946; Arietis been studied for?
Is 14 Arietis or 39 Arietis closer?
Does 14 Arietis or 39 Arietis have a greater absolute magnitude?
Is Aries one of the constellations of the zodiac?
Is Aries associated with the beginning of summer?
Is Hamal the brightest star in Aries?
What does the symbol of Aries represent?
How many bright stars does Aries possess?
What is the title of Aries in Egypt?
Was Aries fully accepted as a constellation before classical times?
Is spiral structure normally found in an elliptical galaxy? 
Is Gamma Aries above the fourth magnitude?
