Who was the first European to correctly depict the Crux?
Which nations started using Crux as a national symbol starting in the colonial age?
Which building did the Southern Cross Tower replace?
What are the lyrics for the Southern Cross in O Sweet Saint Martin's Land?
Which is the most prominent dark nebula in the skies?
Which constellation is crux sometimes confused with?
Where is the Southern Cross frequently used for navigation?
How did Amerigo Vespucci depict Crux?
What is crux?
Is the Crux commonly known as the Southern cross?
Do the brightest stars of the Crux appear on the Australian flag?
Is the Crux referred to as Trishanku in ancient Hindi astrology?
Which constellation borders the Crux on east, north and west?
What is the most prominent dark nebula in the skies?
What is used as a corporate logo by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia?
Is Crux one of the largest constellations in the sky?
Is the Crux easily visible from the Northern Hemisphere throughout the year?
Is the Polaris analogous to the Crux in navigation in the Northern Hemisphere?
Is Crux the smallest of the 88 modern constellations?
Is Crux visible from Southern Hemisphere any time of the day?
Is Royer wrongly cited as initially distinguishing Crux?
Which constellations border Crux?
What is the most prominent feature of Crux?
What is the Argentine Air Force acrobatic display team called?
Is Musca to the south of Centaurus?
can Cassiopeia be seen in the sky from April to June?
What is the language of Chakana in the language of Inca Civilization?
Was Crux visible to the Ancient Greeks ?
Is Crux opposite to Cassiopeia on the celestial sphere ?
Did Richard Rodgers write 'Beneath The Southern Cross' ?
What is the three-letter abbreviation for the constellation Crux ?
What are the lyrics for the Southern Cross in O Sweet Saint Martin's Land ?
When can Crux be seen in the sky in tropical regions ?
Which star does the planet - HD 106906 b - belong to ?
Which video game featured a radio operator named Crux ?
How far is the Western Australian town Southern Cross from Perth ?
Is Crux a modern constellation? 
Can Crux be seen in the sky from April to June? 
When was Melbourne's Southern Cross Hotel built? 
What is the Latin name for cross? 
What is the most prominent dark nebula in the sky?
What are the four main stars that form the Crux asterism? 
When did the Crux become begin to be used as a national symbol by southern nations? 
Who were the first uranographers to distinguish Crux as a separate constellation? 
Which cardinal direction can be found using Crux's stars? 
