Is Santiago the capital of Chile?
Are earthquakes common occurrences in Santiago?
Is Santiago the industrial and financial center of Chile?
When was Santiago founded?
Who is Santiago named after?
How many Metro stations in Santiago is currently in operation?
What is the approximated number of residences of Santiago in 1920?
Is Santiago humid in summer?
Is rainfall in Santiago stable?
Is Santiago the largest city in Chile?
Does the climate in Santiago border a mediterranean climate?
Are earthquakes common in Santiago?
What/who is Santiago named after?
Who sent Pedro de Valdivia?
Where is the tallest building in Latin America located?
Why did Santiago experience a demographic explosion during the 20th century?
Is the Alameda de las Delicias located in the south arm of the Mapocho River?
Which is the only Chilean team to have won the Copa Sudamericana? 
Is Santiago the capital of Chile?
Is Santiago the largest city of Chile?
What is the retail capital of Chile?
What are the most widely circulated newspapers in Chile?
How many cinemas are there in Santiago?
Is Santiago the cultural, political and financial center of Chile?
Have El Mercurio and Copesa earned more than 50% of revenues generated in printed advertising?
Did the Incas settle in the valley of milimaes
What is the capital city of Chile?
What is Santiago named after?
Who is the highest authority in Santiago?
Why are only few historical buildings extant in Santiago?
What was the university Santo Tomas de Aquino renamed as?
Does the PUC conduct courses in English?
Is Santiago the capital of Chile?
Is the Comodoro Arturo Merino Benedtez International Airport located in Chile?
Is majority of the population of Santiago catholic?
Who is Santiago named after?
What was the populataion of the Santiago metropolitan area in 2002?
What is the name of Santiago's public bus transport system?
Has the air pollution in Santiago reduced in 2010?
Are the eastern communes in Santiago richer than the western communes?
How many Santiaguino monuments have been declared as World Heritage sites by UNESCO?
Is Santiago the largest city of Chile?
Is promaucaes the name of the group given by Chileans?
In the 1920 census, is the population of Santiago 50% of the population of Chile?
When was Santiago founded?
Which place became a landmark in Santiago due to its large gardens, lakes, and carriage trails?
When did the first earthquake on record strike Santiago?
Was the first human groups of Santiago a part of the Inca Empire?
Did the Mapocho River floods stop the growth of Santiago?
Is Santiago's winter wetter than it's summer?
