Which cities are on the west bank and the east bank of river Danube?
Why is Budapest the combination of the city names 'Buda' and 'Pest'?
What are some universities situated in Budapest?
Which treaty added Pannonia to Bulgaria?
How many universities are situated in Budapest?
How many inhabitants did Budapest have in 2011?
Was the first settlement on the territory of Budapest built after 1 AD?
Is the Budapest Metropolitan Area home to 3.3 billion people?
Is Budapest the capital of Hungary?
Is Budapest the largest city of Hungary?
Did Budapest have 1.74 million inhabitants in 2011?
Is the annual precipitation in Budapest is around 23.5 inches?
What is the capital of Hungary?
When did Aquincum become the main city of Pannonia Inferior?
What is the area of Budapest?
What are the three departments of The Curia?
What materials make up the Buda hills?
When were the first settlements in Budapest's history?
Did the ottomans pillage Buda in 1541?
Does the Danube River enter the city from the north?
Does Budapest host a fashion week two times every year?
What country is Budapest the capitol of?
As of 2014, how many companies are registered in Budapest?
What geographic feature caused the Romans to colonise the area to the west of the Danube River?
How does the public transportation in Budapest compare with other cities?
Is there more illegal pornography in Hungary or Canada?
What style architecture are the mosques and baths built during the Turkish occumation?
Is Budapest the capital of Hungary?
Was the first settlement on the territory of Budapest built after 1 AD?
Was Hungary declared a communist People's Republic in 1949?
What is the capital of Hungary?
How many tourists are attracted to the city per year?
What annual festivals take place in Budapest?
Who is the current Mayor of Budapest?
What type of Roman settlement was Budapest initially?
Why was the Buda Castyle gutted in the 1950s?
Is Budapest the largest city of Hungary ?
Was Budapest the focal point of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848?
Was the first settlement on territory of Budapest built by Celts?
How many inhabitants did Budapest have in 2011?
How many universities are situated in Budapest?
When did Budapest become a global city ?
When did Austro-Hungarian Empire dissolve?
How many geothermal springs does Budapest have ?
Where was Budapest ranked on Mastercard's Emerging Markets Index?
