Does Leo form an asterism known as 'the Sickle' ?
what the distance between the red giant R Leonis and our planet ?
Is six stars the symbol of the back of the Lion's head ?
what is Regulus designated ?
where is the Leo Ring found ?
when does Leonids occur ?
Is Leo a constellation of the zodiac ?
Is the red giant R Leonis in Leo ?
Is M66 a spiral galaxy ?
Is Leo one of the constellations of the Zodiac?
Is M66 an elliptical galaxy?
Is Leo home to the red giant R Leonis?
Which star 7.8 light-years away from Earth is in Leo?
What is the Leo Ring?
When do the January Leonids peak?
What are some examples of stars in the Leo constellation?
In the representation of Leo as a lion, which stars mark the back of the lions's head?
What is the relation of Leo to Coma Berenices?
Did early Hindu astronomers know the constellation Leo as Ashlesha?
Is the red giant R Leonis a member of the constellation Leo?
Was the US navy ship AK-128 named after the constellation Leo?
Which star in the constellation Leo has a name that means 'the little king'?
What is the one bright variable star within the constellation Leo?
What is the name of the cloud of hydrogen and helium gas found in the orbit of two galaxies within the constellation Leo?
In which historical region do mythologists believe that the constellation Leo represented a monster killed by Gilgamesh?
In Greek mythology, why did Heracles have to defeat the creature identified by the constellation Leo with his bare hands? 
In Greek mythology, why did Zeus place the constellation Leo in the sky?
Test the interface
Does Leo contain many bright stars?
Was Leo identified as the Nemean LioniIn in Greek mythology?
Does Leo remain one of the 88 modern constellations today?
When does the Leonids occur?
Which star is the brightest star in the night sky at the infrared N-band?
Who is at the opposite end of the constellation to Regulus?
How many modern constellations are there today?
Which star is about 33 light years away from the Sun?
What causes significant outbursts of the Leonids every 35 years?
Is Leo one of the constellations of the zodiac?
Does Leo contain many bright starts?
Is Tau Leonis a triple star?
Where is Leo lying?
What is the magnitude of Zosma?
How far is Epsilon Leonis from Earth?
Is M65 part of the Leo Triplet?
Do the primary star and the secondary star in Tau Leonis have the same magnitude?
Why is Leo easily recognizable?
Is Leo a lion?
Is Regulus a blue-white main-sequence star?
Is M66 an elliptical galaxy?
What was Heracles know to the ancient Romans as?
What is one spiral galaxy that is part of the Leo Triplet?
When are the January Leonids?
Why is this constellation named Leo?
How many times larger is R Leonis compared to the sun?
What constellation was the USS Leonis named after?
Does Leo contain the galaxy Messier 97?
Is Iota Leonis a binary star?
Is Leo to the west of Virgo?
The January Leonids peak between when?
Leo is a Mira variable with a minimum magnitude of what?
In Sumeria, Leo represented what monster?
What does Iota Leonis look like?
What star is called 'the forehead'?
How far away from Earth is M105?
