During the May 1959 elections, how much did the People's Action Party win by?
Does Singapore have more urban areas or more vegetation?
In which year was Singapore expelled from Malaysia?
When was Modern Singapore founded?
When did self-government begin?
What was the animal seen by Sang Nila Utama?
Is Singapore 137 kilometres north of the equator?
Is Singapore a unitary multiparty parliamentary republic?
In 1990, did Goh Chok Tong succeeded Lee as Prime Minister?
During World War II, did British Malaya invaded the Imperial Japanese Army ?
Is Malaya the national language of Singapore?
Is Singapore 14th largest importer in the world?
When was Modern Singapore found?
What is the national fruit of Singapore?
What is the other name for Singapore Island in Malay?
What new features were added to Singapore Area Licensing Scheme in 1998?
Why did Singapore become a part of Federation of Malaysia in 1963?
List and describe the main components of Singapore's government HealthCare System?
Has the rise of Gigabit Networks created jobs in Singapore?
Is Singapore a single party parliamentary republic?
Is Singapore composed of 63 islands?
What is the language of instruction for public schools in Singapore? 
How many official languages are the in Singapore?
What is Singapore's economy historically based on?
Approximately how many people who live in Singapore are foreign-born?
How did Singapore rank on the 2010 Press Freedom Index?
What is the main island in Singapore called in Malay?
Is Singapore 400 kilometres north of the equator?
Does Singapore have the fourth-biggest financial centre in the world?
Does Singapore consists of 100 islands?
How many islands make up Singapore?
Who arrived in 1819 and signed a treaty to develop the southern part of Singapore as a British trading post?
In what year was trial by jury abolished so that judicial decisions would rest entirely in the hands of appointed judges?
Why does Singapore not have a minimum wage?
Who has been allowed to fill military vocations that used to be only for men?
What is seen as the guarantor of Singapore's independence?
Is Singapore a sovereign city-state?
Is Singapore in Asia?
Is Singapore one of the world's major commercial hubs?
How many kilometers is Singapore north to the equator?
When were the islands of Singapore settled? 
What does the globalised and diversified economy of Singapore depend on?
Through what way does Singapore expanded its territory?
From which kind of animal did Singapore get its English name?
In 2009, which country has the highest percentage of foreigners residents?
