Which side of the santoor is closer to the waist while playing it?
Does a santoor look like a soccer ball?
Which santoor can have more strings, Indian or Persian?
Who is a notable player of santoor?
Where was the primitive ancestor of the santoor invented?
What is the santoor referred to in ancient Sanskrit texts?
Is santoor a musical instrument?
Is the santoor made of walnut?
Does the typical santoor have two sets of bridges?
Is Santoor played while sitting in asana?
Does Persian Santoor has 75 strings?
Is Santoor very sensitive to light strokes?
What is the trapezoid framework of Santoor made of ?
By what name is Santoor referred as in ancient Sanskrit Text?
Where was primitive ancestor of Santoor invented?
List any 3 notable players who are pioneers in playing Santoor?
Is Persian Santoor more rectangular as compared to Indian Santoor?
How is the left side of Santoor different from the right side?
Are the steel tuning pegs on the left side of the santoor?
Is the santoor played while sitting in the padmasana-ardha position?
Is the santoor a delicate instrument?
What is the trapezoid framework of the santoor made out of?
What style of music is the santoor played in?
Where is the santoor native to?
What is the santoor referred to as in ancient Sanskrit texts?
What shape is the santoor?
What is the range of a typical santoor?
Where is the santoor from?
Where does the santoor originate from?
How many strings does the santoor have?
What shape is the santoor?
What material is used to make a santoor?
Who has played the santoor before?
At what height is the santoor played?
How many hands do you need to play the santoor?
What tools are used to play the santoor?
Is the Indian santoor an ancient string musical instrument?
Does the Indian santoor has more strings than the Persian counterpart?
In India, was the santoor used as an accompaniment instrument to the folk music of Kashmir?
How many sets of bridges does a typical santoor have?
What is used as an accompaniment by the Sufi mystics to their hymns?
What is a santoor sensitive to?
While playing with the santoor, which side is closer to the waist of the musician?
What is the trapezoid framework of a santoor made out of?
How much strings does the Persian counterpart has?
