Was Suzhou named Wu County before?
Is the Tiger Hill a tourist destination?
Is Pingjiang Road 1,200 years old?
Where is Suzhou in China?
What is the hottest temperature in Suzhou?
What is Suzhou famous for ?
Who got the people to build Shantang Street?
Is Xiyuan Temple larger than Hanshan Temple ?
Will Northwesterly winds blowing from Siberia push temperatures above 35 ?
By what year is the railway from Nantong to Shanghai expected to be completed?
What caused the destruction of many of Suzhou's gardens in 1937?
Is Hanshan Temple Buddhist? 
Is Sun Tzu from Suzhou?
Is Suzhou one of the fastest growing cities in the world?
Where is Suzhou?
When was Suzhou founded?
What is Suzhou's economy primarily based on?
How far away from Shangai is Suzhou?
Why is Suzhou's service sector so large?
Where does Tiger Hill get its name?
Is the Tiger Hill a popular tourist destination in Suzhou?
Is the Suzhou Industrial Park beside Jinji Lake?
Is Suzhou east of Shanghai?
When was Suzhou founded?
How many seasons does Suzhou have?
Where in Suzhou is Xuanmiao Temple located?
How far away from Shanghai is Suzhou?
Is Suzhou in the Yangtze basin?
Are the Twin Pagodas are a well-known museum in Suzhou?
Was the Suzhou New District established in 1994?
How many seasons does Suzhou have?
What city is connected with Suzhou by the Nanjing-Shanghai Expressway?
In what dynasty was the name 'Suzho' officially used?
Who wrote a poem about the Hanshan Temple?
How much do you need to pay to rent a bike for four hours?
How old is Pan Gate?
Was Suzhou founded in 514 AD?
Is Suzhou is one of the ten largest cities in the world?
Does Suzhou have a four-season, monsoon-influenced humid subtropical climate?
At what rate has Suzhou grown in the last 35 years?
In what part of Suhzou is the National Tourism and Vacation Zone?
How many parallel railways are there in the Shanghai-Nanjing corridor?
Is there more than one app availble for reserving taxis in the city?
Is Suzhou part of the 'Four Famous Embroderies'?
Is the Suzhou Railway Station busy?
